Hello.
>> Uh, okay guys, this is the first part of
environment artist level creation. In
this part, we want to create this nice.
It's now ground without tiling to get
rid of the tiling.
And so this rifle.
Okay. Uh, let's go.
Okay. First, open the editor.
New project.
Selected Christmas template. Hit create.
Uh okay. Want create a level like this
from this team. This one
bikini
snap.
Okay.
Um, let's begin.
foreign.
Okay. Create empty
create. After that, let's name this one.
What's the name? Obviously.
Okay.
Nice
posit
windows.
Well, okay. Here the gods
mix
strong at sky atmosphere volume and
finally create hide fog after table. You
have to go here and enable this format
for
and now save all
working for create.
Okay, that's the stop.
Go here.
Select this material and textures.
Search for snow material
more filter set price for FL only self
products.
Okay, let's choose this one
after this.
Okay.
High quality.
Okay. Now, let's go with
just this car.
Fans.
Okay. Choose one of those fes to this
one. T league fans. This for free.
Add to my project.
Okay.
Now let's return light here until it's
only
change the speed of the camera
and this one
uh 100 something.
Let's adjust our map.
We want the mark to like this.
Make all this and press V for extrusion.
Hit except
now. Let's go down.
Let's see. Skis.
Okay. I think the size of this
size of the water is like this.
Okay,
make it like this.
This one. Oh, let's create one more from
this.
Okay, first just one example. Okay,
loss assets. Going to name this
auto.
Okay. And let's say
now let's return here and do the
Let's add our material.
Select the material from here or you can
take this one to get this
you get
here
one click right here and one click here
this climate
You hit the same one elements.
Now let's double here.
I want this just go here. Tiding
0.3
off
base kind of sculpturous.
Let's go ahead.
Okay. Think now
I just
to get rid of the red on this texture.
Okay. After that, let's return right
here and add my de.
Let's see. Okay, there is of the
collision
book
written here to conf.
Now let's search for collision.
Go and go here complexity.
Use complex condition on simple
hit. Okay. And let's
close this.
Okay. I think it's in a file.
Now let's add the water right in this
place.
To add this water, we have to go here to
plugins.
Search for water
and proceed the contention list from
work. Want to use this one later.
Enable this one. Three.
Uh okay, enable those all.
Then after enabling those all, we have
to go here and restart the engine.
Okay, now let's close this one
and go right here. Press one here. One
click and close this.
Now let's return to our lab. Go ahead
content draw content open my
uh level up level. Let's add the water
right here.
Go here
want the water body.
This one.
Let's test this bit of the camera to
select the water here and make it
Make it like this.
Leave this one here.
Make to this axis.
Okay, we could do it.
Okay. Down like this.
And oil again.
Make it like this.
And let's see.
Okay, we have to adjust some
modification from the wood.
This one.
Okay.
And this one like this.
Uh, okay.
The table was way harder. Okay. Thank
you guys for watching this part